In an old land in an even older time there was once a farmer who sought wealth to escape his hardships. With his barren land and
lack of knowledge the man felt fettered to the farm his parents gave him, but without fertile soil work was all for naught. Every day he would
labor begging for crops to grow and for rain to fall, until one day while tilling he found a hole the size of his head. The farmer was distraught
at such a strange development for he wandered his fields daily and noted this to being far too large for any game to dig. With a slight breeze he heard a
whisper "give me grain" the man was questioning himself until the voice came again but with an enticing end "give me grain and I will bestow you gold. The man
eager to finally gain something brought a sack of grain but contested the voice and dropped a handful. Within moments he heard a whirring sound only to step back and see
as gold coins poured from the whole like a geyser, a mere handful of them but a sum nonetheless. Then as the geyser subsided the hole seemingly larger than before bellowed with
a booming voice "MORE!". Aghast the farmer took to his home ignoring the voice he rushed to his barn.

The farmer continued to pour endless amounts of his small yield of crops down the hole as it continued to grow in size. The man with his insatiable 
lust for wealth was blind to the amount he was receiving and continued to haul satchel after satchel of gold into his home. All the while the hole
grew as well as the thunderous voice bellowing out of it. The farmer however was blind to the growing problem as he counted his gold, and soon retired to his home for the night.

As the night grew the voice subsided but the man found it of no consequence, and soon was fast asleep. As the man awoke he was aghast for there was no light
all that encompassed him was darkness and the shimmer of his gold he hoarded. Opening his door he was left pale and awestruck for all he saw was a faint light in the sky and the sullen
smell of the earth all around him. 